How can I ensure that my code, program m, or software is functional and secure? Making sure that the code is working properly and secure can be an overwhelming task. I have not done a lot of testing with my coding before I started this class and my new job.  I did not realize how much time would have to be invested into this class.  An easy way to make sure the code is functional and secure is by making sure to stick to the requirements that were made for the code. Also taking the adequate time to test that the code meets a high percentage of coverage.  I ran several tests in my code insure the functionality of the coding.
How do I interpret user needs and incorporate them into a program? I do this by looking over and reading what user needs first. The next thing I do is taking the users requirements and determine what will be able to work or not work with the code. A good example that I can think of is the requirements placed on maximum length and empty submissions.  The names couldn’t be empty, and they were not allowed 10 be over 10 characters long.  Once I understood what the requirements were, I added that into the code by using an if statement that covered both requirements. This was a simple way of resolving that need into a code. This works since it takes the need into a conditional for success. There are more difficult requirements on occasionally that may require some more work. 
How do I approach designing software? My way to design software still needs work. I tend to overthink the requirements and review the documents quite a bit before code anything. I made a list of what were the users demands for this project. From there, I took the list and broke it down further to see what objects will be used to achieve this assignment. I did the same thing with the methods that had to be used. Once I had my lists created, I started the programming phase of the project.  After the code was created, I went through it to make sure that the code was correct. At this point, this method has been going pretty well for me, however; I could always lean ways to improve. 
